---
layout: default
title: Kollection
---
# Terms Of Service

Most recent update: Jan 7 2023

Terms Of Service (aka “ToS, “Terms”)

Welcome to Kollection. We are owned and operated by Kollection, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Kollection,” “we,” “us” or “our”).  These Terms of Service govern your access to and use of the website and front-end located at kollection.com (the “Site”), which allows users to interact with blockchain networks and assets, decentralized contracts and protocols, which accomplish various tasks, including without limitation: the creation and deployment (aka “minting”) within the Kollection site, exchange, sales, purchases, or viewing of digital assets in the form of non-fungible cryptocurrency tokens (“NFTs”) on the decentralized blockchains on which the NFTs are listed (“Blockchain”); and our online services and software provided on or in connection with those services that are accessible via the Site. The Site and any listed services may be called the “Services” throughout this agreement. Our Services do not include the smart contracts deployed on Blockchains or any other part of a decentralized Blockchain.

THESE TERMS CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. THEY INCLUDE A MANDATORY ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER WHICH (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS) REQUIRE ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN US TO BE RESOLVED THROUGH INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN BY A JUDGE OR JURY IN COURT.

BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND ALL OF THE TERMS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.

Kollection provides an interface to facilitate functionality between you and decentralized blockchain services. Kollection is not a money services business, financial institution, blockchain wallet provider, custodian, broker, creditor, or exchange. We do not have control over any NFTs or the blockchains you are utilizing while using our services. The blockchain wallets you may use to interact with our services are third-party and may have separate terms and risks that are not part of Kollection’s services.

Kollection reserves the right to modify and update these Terms at any time within our discretion. When changes are made to these Terms we will update the "Most recent update" notice in these Terms. By using our site you agree to and accept these updated and revised Terms. It is your sole responsibility to check the Terms for updates and changes and that you fully understand them and how they apply to the Service.

1. Privacy Policy
    - Please also see our <a class="yellow-link" href="/privacypolicy.html">Privacy Policy</a>, which also governs your use of the Services, for information about how we collect, use and share information about you.

2. Accessing the Services
    - Your own third-party decentralized blockchain wallet will act as your account when accessing the services. Kollection does not control or host these wallets and only uses your public address to identify and display information associated with your account. Kollection does not have custody of any assets including those in your third-party wallet account. Wallet security is your own responsibility. Kollection accepts no responsibility for, or liability to you, in connection with your use of a wallet and makes no representations or warranties regarding how our Services will operate with any wallet software you happen to use.
    - You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws (e.g., local, state, federal and other laws) when using our Services. Without limiting the foregoing, by using our Services, you represent and warrant that: (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo; and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited, sanctioned, or restricted parties. If you access or use the Services outside the United States, you are solely responsible for ensuring that your access and use of the Services in such country, territory or jurisdiction does not violate any applicable laws.
    - You can only use our Services if you are 18 years or older and not otherwise unable to use the Services based on these Terms.

3. Intellectual Property Rights
    - Unless otherwise indicated, the Services are our proprietary property and all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics on the Site (collectively, the “Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the “Marks”) are owned or controlled by us or licensed to us, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of the United States, international copyright laws, and international conventions. The Content and the Marks are provided on the Site “AS IS” for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, no part of the Services and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.
    - Content you submit to us through the Services you grant us a worldwide non-exclusive sub-licensable royalty-free license to use, display, modify, or copy including all images or text. This does not give us ownership of your content, but we may use it to advertise or promote the Services.
    - You agree that you have obtained any rights, licenses, and otherwise have consent to submit content that you may upload through the Services. You agree that you are not violating any copyright or trademark laws by submitting specific content.
    - We will take down works in response to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") takedown notices so long as the takedown notices are properly filled out and contain all required information. All Notifications should meet the requirements of DMCA 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) and include the following information: (1) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (2) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the Site are covered by the Notification, a representative list of such works on the Site; (3) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (4) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address at which the complaining party may be contacted; (5) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (6) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed upon.
    - You may notify us of DMCA takedown requests at the following address. For fastest service, please use email.
    - Copyright Agent
    - Kollection Inc.
    - 4 Long Shoals Rd
    - Ste B505
    - Arden, NC28704
    - United States
    - copyright@kollection.app


4. User Representations
    - By using the Services, you represent and warrant that: (1) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms; (2) you are not under 18 or a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside; (3) you will not access the Services through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise; (4) you will not use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (5) your use of the Services will not violate any applicable law or regulation. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof).
    - You may not use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Services, violate any laws.
    - We are a service provider and make no representations as to the safety, effectiveness, adequacy, accuracy, availability, prices, ratings, reviews, or legality of any of the information contained on the Services or the NFTs and blockchain assets displayed through the Site. You understand and agree that the content of the Site does not contain or constitute representations to be reasonably relied upon, and you agree to hold us harmless from any errors, omissions, or misrepresentations contained within the Site’s content. We do not endorse or recommend any offerings and the Site is provided for informational purposes only.

5. License to use our Services
    - You are hereby granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non sublicensable, and personal license to access and use the Services provided. However, this license is subject to your complete compliance with our Terms. If any software, content, or other materials owned by, controlled by, or licensed to us are distributed or made available to you as part of your use of our Services, we hereby grant you a non-commercial, personal, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, non-transferrable, and non-exclusive right and license to access and display such software, content, and materials provided to you as part of our Services, in each case for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Services as permitted by these Terms, as long as any separate license or agreement associated with any blockchain assets or NFTs (as provided by the creator/seller of such assets) is also honored.

6. Third Party Content
    - Kollection facilitates connection to decentralized services to explore, sell, bid, and create blockchain assets (NFTs) on decentralized blockchains. As such, Kollection will often display third party content. Kollection does not make any representations or warranties about this third-party content. You are solely responsible for verifying legality, authenticity, copyright, or any other aspects of NFTs that you may purchase using a third-party wallet while using the Services.
    - NFTs often have terms directly between buyers and sellers in regards to use of content. These agreements are solely between buyer and seller and Kollection is not a party to any of agreements between buyers and sellers of digital assets. The buyer and sellers are solely responsible for communicating these terms between each other.
    - Our Services may contain (or you may be sent via the Site) links to other websites ("Third-Party Websites") as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties ("Third-Party Content"). Such Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Content are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any Third Party Websites accessed through the Site or any Third-Party Content posted on, available through, or installed from the Site, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices, or other policies of or contained in the Third-Party Websites or the Third Party Content. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any Third-Party Websites or any Third-Party Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to leave the Site and access the Third-Party Websites or to use or install any Third-Party Content, you do so at your own risk, and you should be aware these Terms of Use no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any website to which you navigate from the Site or relating to any applications you use or install from the Site. Any purchases you make through Third Party Websites will be through other websites and from other companies, and we take no responsibility whatsoever in relation to such purchases which are exclusively between you and the applicable third party. You agree and acknowledge that we do not endorse the products or services offered on Third-Party Websites and you shall hold us harmless from any harm caused by your purchase of such products or services. Additionally, you shall hold us harmless from any losses sustained by you or harm caused to you relating to or resulting in any way from any Third-Party Content or any contact with Third-Party Websites.

7. Site Management
    - We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to: (1) monitor the Site for violations of these Terms of Use; (2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms of Use, including without limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities; (3) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof; (4) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from the Site or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems; and (5) otherwise manage the Site in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the Site and the Services.

8. Term And Termination
    - These Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Site. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS OF USE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE AND THE SERVICES (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF USE OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE SITE AND THE SERVICES OR DELETE ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.
    - If we terminate or suspend your access to the Services for any reason, you are prohibited from continuing to access the services.

9. Modifications And Interruptions
    - We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Site at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Site. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or part of the Services without notice at any time. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site or the Services.
    - We cannot guarantee the Site and the Services will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Site, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors. We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify the Site or the Services at any time or for any reason without notice to you. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use the Site or the Services during any downtime or discontinuance of the Site or the Services. Nothing in these Terms of Service will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support the Site or the Services or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.

10. Risks
    - You assume all risks of using blockchain technology through the Services.
    - Kollection does not control public blockchains that you may interact with through the Services.
    - Kollection cannot reverse transactions made to public blockchains as we do not control them.
    - Kollection cannot guarantee the security of smart contracts on public blockchains.
    - Third-party wallets that are required to use the Services are not controlled or maintained by Kollection and we cannot guarantee the security of them.
    - Assets that are listed through the Services are listed by third parties and may have associated risks.
    - The value of cryptocurrencies, NFTs, and other digital assets can have large fluctuations. You agree that you may lose some or all of your money.

11. Taxes
    - You agree to pay all necessary taxes associated with purchases and sales within the jurisdiction that you reside in. Kollection is not responsible for making you aware of any regulations within your jurisdiction and is entirely up to you as a user of blockchain technology and the Services.

12. Dispute Resolution
    - Informal Negotiations: To expedite resolution and control the cost of any dispute, controversy, or claim related to these Terms of Use (each "Dispute" and collectively, the "Disputes") brought by either you or us (individually, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties"), the Parties agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly provided below) informally for at least thirty (30) days before initiating arbitration. Such informal negotiations commence upon written notice from one Party to the other Party.
    - Binding Arbitration: If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations, the Dispute (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) will be finally and exclusively resolved through binding arbitration. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WITHOUT THIS PROVISION, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL. The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the AAA website: www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Consumer Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone, or online. The arbitrator will make a decision in writing, but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by either Party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. Except where otherwise required by the applicable AAA rules or applicable law, the arbitration will take place in Kent, Delaware. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Parties may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator. If for any reason, a Dispute proceeds in court rather than arbitration, the Dispute shall be commenced or prosecuted in the state and federal courts located in Kent, Delaware, and the Parties hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction, and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in such state and federal courts. Application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA) is excluded from these Terms of Use. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable, and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.
    - Restrictions: The Parties agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between the Parties individually. To the full extent permitted by law, (a) no arbitration shall be joined with any other proceeding; (b) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (c) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.

13. Disclaimer
    - THE SITE AND THE SERVICES OFFERINGS ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND OUR SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE AND THE SERVICES OFFERINGS AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SITE AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE OR THE SERVICES OFFERINGS,(5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.

14. Limitations Of Liability
    - IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICES OFFERINGS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO US DURING THE SIX (6) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OR $100.00 USD. CERTAIN US STATE LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

15. Indemnification
    - You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries, affiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (1) your Contributions; (2) use of the Services Offerings; (3) breach of these Terms of Use; (4) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use; (5) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or (6) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Site or the Services Offerings with whom you connected via the Site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense, with our defense of such claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it.

16. California Users And Residents
    - If any complaint with us is not satisfactorily resolved, you can contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.

17. Contact Us
    - If you’d like to contact us, please reach out at contact@kollection.app
